30,November,2003 You are the flame in my heart You light my way in the dark You are the ultimate star You lift me up from above Your unconditional love takes me to paradise I belong to you And you You belong to me too You make my life complete You make me feel so sweet Your soul and mind are entwined Before you I was blind But since I've opened my eyes And with you there's no disguise So I could open up my mind I always loved you from the start But I could not figure out That I had to do it everyday So I put away the fight Now I'm gonna live my life Giving you the most in every way I belong to you And you You belong to me too You make my life complete You make me feel so sweet  29,November,2003 Well I'm certainly glad that I went curling. Our end played our best game yet, everyone was just on today. Thumped the other end 12-4. Go us.  28,November,2003 Uuuuurhghgh. Cops didn't show until 2:00am. Buzzed me to let them in. Woke me up. Left around 2:45am, but not before knocking on my door to ask a couple questions. Woke me up, again . Decided to give up and grabbed a quick hot chocolate at the Blenz around the corner. Asleep at 3:30am. Up now. Feel like skivving off curling today, which pisses me off to no end as I really enjoy it. If I had a good night's sleep I'd be in a great mood and ready to go out. Right now I'm just tired and bitchy and I look like shite...  28,November,2003 Figures. Go to bed fucking early because I need to get up at 7:00am for curling. So why the hell am I posting this at twenty after one in the morning? Because the assholes two doors down from me are having a blazing row. Much swearing, yelling and smashing of dishes. Guy goes to leave, not the guy who lives there, must be his partner. Yelling in hallway begins. Am now wide awake. Take frustrated piss. Elevator opens, pounding on doors start, buddy has come back to scream more. Am too frustrated to care, open door: "Hey, do you mind keeping it down a bit? There are other people in this building, I have to get up early and you've woken me up." "Mind your own fucking business, asshole." Words aggrivated assult pop into my mind. Resist said urge. Calmly close the door and call 911 to report domestic disturbance. Am second complaint, police will be here soon. Will enjoy gawping out the door at them. Then sleep... Am walking zombie right now...  28,November,2003 Note to Self: Sugar-water, while being a wonderful hair-gel replacement, is very appealing to ants. Shouldn't they all be fucking hibernating or something? I mean it's nearly December! Perhaps I should stick with hair-gel for now... On another note, it's absolutley sopping wet outside. Ah, Vancouver winter. I suppose I'd better dig out my mask and snorkel before I head out...  26,November,2003 Well after a week at work with my hair tied back people have all settled into their new nicknames for me. Strangely enough, they all seem to have chosen "The Samurai Warrior" as my new nickname, except for the one pressman who prefers "Goddamn Hippie". Randy in prepress now bows and says "Aaaaah! Sensei!" everytime he sees me, which is utterly hilarious seeming as he's forgotten more than I know about prepress, but it's kind of flattering I guess. I would post a picture of it, but my goddamn digicam is busted. Oh well, I'll get the camera fixed soon enough and post a picture eventually.  26,November,2003 Well, well... Here we go then. In keeping with the stark minimalism I've changed the Blogger button at the bottom of the page to black and white, the links are now grey, bold and underlined, and I've added pictures now. Of course the pictures are greyscale with a limited palette of eight shades of grey. Hooray! Fun!  25,November,2003 I know there's likely a lot more going on that the general public doesn't know, or maybe they do and I just wasn't paying attention, but doesn't it seem a little daft to punish police officers that beat up drug dealers? Isn't that kind of the point?  24,November,2003 Quite a rainy walk home last night. I was soaked, and I was just walking from SkyTrain to home. I think I might start adding pictures to this little blog. We'll see.  24,November,2003 Wearing a Beckham style, urlLink double pony-tail today. Getting no end of teasing and flak about it at work. Don't really care, but it's interesting to note that a few of the guys used to have hair way longer than mine.  23,November,2003 Well, got told off for walking down the street eating ice cream. Some bum figured they'd tell me I'm an asshole for eating ice cream and not giving them the change that I used to buy said ice cream. I just about fucking lost it. I didn't say anything for fear of flipping out and having them freak out more and end up drop-kicking them in the chin... The nerve though. I really don't bloody care if you're homeless. Call me hartless, but seriously: after a long week at work, putting in some OT and long commutes on public transit, I can't deal with people telling me that I owe them the money that I work so hard to earn, when all they do is sit on their ass all day... On a slightly different note, this webpage looked like shite in Safari. Just saw it over at Ryan's place, hence the switch to the seriously minimal layout. I actually like it better though.  23,November,2003 The afternoon has gently passed me by The evening spreads itself against the sky Waiting for tomorrow Is just another day God bid yesterday goodbye Bring on the night I couldn't stand another hour of daylight Bring on the night I couldn't stand another hour of daylight  22,November,2003 Urgh... Up for curling... Yes that's only six hours of sleep since my last post...  21,November,2003 Just got in from a show put on by my friends urlLink The Panic . I highly recommend going to see one of their shows if you're in or around Vancouver when they play. Excellent stuff.  21,November,2003 Four weeks today. I love you.  20,November,2003 Well last night was better, but still a little sluggish. Network connections, I mean. On the other hand, I had my first ever Krispy Kreme doughnut last night. It was excellent. As good as everyone says they are. I wonder how the coffee was first thing this morning? Dave thought it'd be a wonderful joke to put our left over wasabi from dinner in with the coffee grounds... Bleh... Should be some interesting reactions...  19,November,2003 Well last night was, bar none, the least productive night I've ever had at work. Freaking computers. Sometimes I hate them. After multiple crashes, reboots, hang-ups, server meltdowns, Prinergy reboots and all around bad karma, Rod and I got basically nothing done. And I think the bad karma carried over to this morning as I got woken up at 8am by a jackhammer, 9am by the garbage truck, 9:30am by a telemarketer, and I gave up at 10am when the crows and seagulls woke me up... Things seemed to have stopped there though, as it's an incredibly beautiful day when it was forcast to rain... *crosses fingers that computer problems are fixed*  18,November,2003 Urgh... I'm sick as a dog, and it's gross and rainy out and it's forecast to be gloomy/rainy all week... I hope I'm not sick all week. Curling this weekend, so that's something to look forward to. Maybe I'll give Burgess and Vista a call and go out for dinner with them at some point. That is, if I'm feeling better... Bleh...  16,November,2003 Well, just got home. Ahh, good to be back in Vancouver. Met Phil on the 424, in from England and had no idea where he was going, but I knew the hostel he was heading to and took him there, then caught a cab home. The cabbie had the most pungent BO ever. I seriously nearly threw up in the back seat. I could smell it when I opened the door. *gags*  15,November,2003 So yeah, nothing's really changed at all in this little town I used to call home. It's kind of nice to come to a familiar place and be welcomed by family. Having BBQ'd Steaks tonight and I'm really looking forward to it. Then we're watching T3 on the new DVD player. Not entirely looking forward to that, but eh... Flying out tomorrow. Kind of wish I could stay a little longer.  14,November,2003 I'm posting this from my Mom's laptop in my old house in Cranbrook right now. Wireless technology, my parents are using it and I am not. I feel behind the times. Ah, well... Good flight in, considering we landed and didn't die. Was so foggy the pilot announced that we may have to turn back to Vancouver. He decided to attempt the landing anyways, and it was the roughest landing I've ever had in my life. I couldn't even see the tarmac from my window after we had touched down... Hopefully it won't be a life risking flight on the way back... Kind of weird to be back home but it should be fun.  12,November,2003 I just watched Men With Brooms, and thoroughly enjoyed it. I feel utterly Canadian now, and strangely more proud of it, especially since I'm curling now too. Loved the little bits of humour thrown in as well: "and on sheet c representing Kingston, The Tragically Hip..." Muhahaha...  11,November,2003 So went out for a nice walk today, saw a woman walking around with a German WWII jacket on... Not too sure how I should feel about that. Eh, oh well. Got some Christmas shopping done, the most important stuff in my mind. Should all be ready to pick up next week. I'm excited about it and it's all really nice. Getting so close to Christmas now, I can't help but smile as I walk through all the shops and malls with everything all set out.  10,November,2003 So yeah, I have this wonderful idea that I'll do laundry today because it's a day off. All I've got to do is go to the bank and get some change. Wait... It's a stat... Banks will be closed... Damnit... I'm getting into the recycling underwear stage and I've got to go in early to work on Wed/Thurs... I'm tempted to pack a suitcase full of dirty laundry to take home to do over the weekend... Hey, it'd save me $20...  10,November,2003 Ahhh... A rainy day in Vancouver. Back to normal. Grey and dreary. Slept for twelve hours because I had nothing better to do. Ah well, going to Cranbrook this weekend, should be nice to see some family for a bit.  08,November,2003 So yes. The Matrix utterly sucked. Good special effect but that's all the movie was. One big special effect... Such a painful let down with plot and character development etc etc...  07,November,2003 So, um... Just found out that a guy I used to train Karate with murdered his wife on Wednesday night... He works with my uncle so my uncle knows him and he was still training Karate with my mom so my mom knows him, and of course my old Karate Instructor knows him... He has two kids that were training in Karate too... I knew all of them... Holy shit... ...  07,November,2003 Watched Minority Report last night. I really like that show, though many think it sucked. Speaking of sucking, I'm going to go see The Matrix: Revoloutions this afternoon. All the reviews I've seen have been like two out of five stars, and Rolling Stone magazine just out and says "At the risk of understatement, The Matrix Revolutions sucks." in the first sentence of their review... So I'm not sure what to expect... I'm meeting some friends after they're done car shopping. That's interesting too, I wonder if they'll find/buy anything today? There's a chance I could be going to go see Kill Bill for a third time on Sunday, but I'm not sure yet. Yes, I like that movie enough to pay to see it three times... It does not suck.  07,November,2003 Six weeks today. I love you.  06,November,2003 Sun is shining, the weather is sweet yeah Makes you wanna move those dancing feet For the rescue, here I am I want you to know y'all, here I stand As the morning gathers the rainbow I want you to know y'all That I'm a rainbow with you Cause I'm a hero, like Robert DeNiro I know an Ital Rasta man I got to keep I heights Protection until time The sun is shining yeah War is Explosive, you got to demonstrate Demonstrate, you got to demonstrate Don't fight Cause the sun is shining for you There's nothing else to do Sun is shining, the weather is sweet yeah Makes you wanna move those dancing feet To the rescue, here I am I want you to know y'all, here I stand As the morning gathers the rainbow I want you to know now That I'm a rainbow with you Test the eye, fear no evil Channel like a lion, channel like a lion Some say, money in my pocket But I just can't get your love And the sun is shining, don't fight You got soul, and you're chopping it up aero For you, there's nothing else to do Sun is shining, the weather is sweet yeah Makes you wanna move those dancing feet To the rescue, here I am I want you to know now, here I stand As the morning gathers the rainbow I want you to know now That I'm a rainbow with you As the morning gathers the rainbow I'm rougher than rough Cause I'm a rainbow with you Tougher than tough Channel like a lion yeah This is some fasion yeah Spiritual fasion yeah  05,November,2003 Well, got a clean bill of health from the Otolaryngologist which is nice. Nothing wrong with me an I've got perfect hearing to boot. Hooray!  05,November,2003 I think I'm definetly going to go into work about an hour early every day. There's a high school just around the corner from SkyTrain where I get off and I can't stand all the snot-nosed brats taking over the whole freaking station/street/sidewalk etc. I feel like I'm in high school again. And I dislike that, very much... Best of luck on your law mid-term Honey!  05,November,2003 Whew, just got back from the walk with Pete. Can hardly type my fingers are so cold. It's 5C here, but the moisture in the air just cuts to the bone. So we ended up meeting at the Blenz coffee shop around the corner and walking down Davie to the seawall, around to Science World, down through the scruffy tent city/industrial area, onto the Cambie St. Bridge, over to BC Place and finally up Robson back home. Needless to say it was a very good walk, and nice to be out in the fresh air. Took some pics with my camera, but ended up taking the best pictures right outside the apt. when I was just returning. Nice red sports car parked out front with no one in it, except for this big beautiful white dog sitting in the driver's seat, looking like an impatient chauffer waiting for the passenger who's late again. Couldn't pass up a shot of that. Being back earlier than I figured is nice. Now I can make up my dinner for work, play a last game of FIFA 2003, grab lunch at The Dish, pick up FIFA 2004 and still head into work nice and early. Received a phone call that made my day last night. Thanks. :)  04,November,2003 God, must figure out what I'm doing with my arm in my sleep to screw up my back. Second day in a row where the left side is all knots in my shoulder blade and sore as bloody hell. Going out for a walk with Pete today, should be good. Don't know if I want to walk all the way to Science World and back, but we'll see...  04,November,2003 Holy crap... I just got up. Must've needed the sleep. So much for doing the dishes this morning... Oh well, not that that upsets me a great deal ;) Got the tickets yesterday, should be receiving an email itinerary soon. Hooray! My Angel will be home soon! Arg. It pains me that I slept away such a beautiful morning and now the only time I'll have to go out is my walk from SkyTrain to work... Oh well...  03,November,2003 Urrrgh... In from work. So tired. zzzzzzz...  03,November,2003 If anyone knows what music is used in the urlLink Leggsy "Supersub" ad, please urlLink email me ! It's also used in Bend it like Beckham, but it isn't on the soundtrack... In other music/movie news, Kill Bill is my favourite movie as of now. I bought the soundtrack for the song "Battle Without Honour or Humanity". It's so wonderfully cheesy. I also saw Bulletproof Monk. That is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. Like Lord of the Rings the animated version badness. In fact it's so bad I'd recommend seeing it just so you know I'm not lying. Anyhow, off to book some plane tickets!  02,November,2003 Ahh, back to the grind. Many things to do this week apart from working. Menial labour such as: do the dishes (bleh), do the laundry (bleh), vacuum the house. There are less fun things happening as well like: doctors appointment on Thursday (bleh). But there are nice things to get to such as: buy plane tickets for my beautiful angel for reading break (hooray!). It's shaping up to be a good week. :)  02,November,2003 Haha, two days and already I'm rethinking the format of what I want to do! Ah well, that's the way things go with personal websites right? Always under constant change... I'll still post song lyrics every now and again, but I think I can better represent myself by actually speaking my mind. Songs can represent so much, but sometimes it's only one or two lines that mean anything. So I went to see Alien: The Director's Cut today. Never seen any Alien movies before in my life. Not actually as scary as I figured it would be, but a good movie none the less.  01,November,2003 Look at the stars, Look how they shine for you, And everything you do, Yeah, they were all yellow. I came along, I wrote a song for you, And all the things you do, And it was called "Yellow." So then I took my turn, Oh what a thing to have done, And it was all "Yellow." Your skin Oh yeah, your skin and bones, Turn into something beautiful, You know, you know I love you so, You know I love you so much. I swam across, I jumped across for you, Oh what a thing to do. Cos you were all "Yellow," I drew a line, I drew a line for you, Oh what a thing to do, And it was all "Yellow." Your skin, Oh yeah your skin and bones, Turn into something beautiful, And you know For you, I'd bleed myself dry For you, I'd bleed myself dry. It's true, look how they shine for you, Look at the stars, Look how they shine for you, And all the things that you do.  01,November,2003 What else should I be All apologies What else could I say Everyone is gay What else could I write I don't have the right What else should I be All apologies In the sun In the sun I feel as one In the sun In the sun I'm married Buried I wish I was like you Easily amused Find my nest of salt Everything is my fault I'll take all the blame Aqua seafoam shame Sunburn with freezerburn Choking on the ashes of her enemy All in all is all we are  31,December,2003 Happy New Year, all.  30,December,2003 Yay, I got a new CF Card for my digicam. And I'm attempting to grow a beard (badly).  19,December,2003 I'm writing this post on my baby's laptop. Just to let anyone who actually reads this know, I likely won't be updating my blog daily over the holidays. So Season's Greetings, Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, or anything else I may have missed.  18,December,2003 Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am home again Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am whole again Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am young again Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am fun again However far away I will always love you However long I stay I will always love you Whatever words I say I will always love you I will always love you Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am free again Whenever I'm alone with you You make me feel like I am clean again However far away I will always love you However long I stay I will always love you Whatever words I say I will always love you I will always love you Welcome home Jen.  17,December,2003 ONE MORE DAY! OH MY GOD, I'M SO EXCITED!!  16,December,2003 Two Days! Whoo Hoo!!  15,December,2003 Three more days until I'm reunited with the love of my life. I hope I'll be able to work, and I won't be too distracted... I'm so excited.  14,December,2003 I hate sore throats. Hurts to eat, hurts to drink, hurts to talk... Better go see if I need anti-biotics. Don't want to have a sore throat when my love gets home in four days! I'm so excited! Four more days! I love you so much!  13,December,2003 urlLink This will be the worst movie ever. My childhood has been ruined.  12,December,2003 Well, went to a house party with Chris. Seems like this is becoming our weekend routine. It still boggles my mind how some people cannot have a good time without liquor and drugs. Quoth the 18 year old who looked like a 14 year old with stretchy track pants and pretty much no shirt: "Oh My GAWD! If I don't, like, get some marijuana soon I'll just, like, die!" All the people, except Chris, Ben and I, were totally pasted. Eventually one guy got overly rambunctious trying to hug the other 18 year old who looked like a 14 year old, and tripped onto the kitchen table sending empties and half full bottles flying everywhere. A little while later the same guy dropped the fourty of vodka in the kitchen (smash). When the drug dealers in their pouffy jackets and sideways hats showed up, and the Aussies put on the Oh Brother, Where Art Thou soundtrack and started screaming/singing Man Of Constant Sorrow, we decided it was time to leave. It was a fun party in which to observe drunk/stoned students in their natural habitat. I realised after we left that Chris, Ben and I were 5-7 years older than everyone there. Maybe we should stick with the pub crawling scene...  12,December,2003 Urrrrghghghh... Had a wicked sore throat last night. Bad cough, y'know, the kind that keeps you up. Decided to have one tablespoon of NyQuil. Am never using NyQuil again. Slept like a stone, but it was everything I had in me to drag my ass out of bed this morning. And now I feel stoned. Well I guess I shouldn't say that, seeming as I've never done drugs, but if I had to bet money, I'd say this is what stoned feels like.  11,December,2003 That there, that's not me I go where I please I walk through walls I float down the Liffey I'm not here This isn't happening I'm not here, I'm not here In a little while I'll be gone The moment's already passed Yeah, it's gone I'm not here This isn't happening I'm not here, I'm not here Strobe lights and blown speakers Fireworks and hurricanes I'm not here This isn't happening I'm not here, I'm not here  10,December,2003 Hard to believe how many drunk idiots there are out on a Tuesday night. It's 1:45 in the morning and I could've easily gotten into three fights just walking up the street to my house. Drunk guys don't like my long hair, I've figured this out. It makes them feel insecure about their masculinity...  09,December,2003 So the BC Ferries are on strike and a couple really good friends who live on the island are now stuck. Hopefully everything will get resolved soon as they were planning on bussing home to Cranbrook for Christmas.  08,December,2003 "Some participants expressed a certain amount of annoyance at what is perceived as a systematic attempt by Canadians to make the statement that they are not Americans by sporting the maple leaf. This underscores the American sensitivity at feeling rejected by the rest of the world ...." Awww, Boo Hoo. Poor Americans are insecure after their war and want us to stop being Canadian. urlLink Read the story .  07,December,2003 Back to the grind...  07,December,2003 Have to start cleaning things up a bit as it's only a week and a half now until I'm reunited with the love of my life. I'm so excited. :)  06,December,2003 Oh no... I just got a camera and now I want a urlLink new one ...  05,December,2003 Current Music: Peter Gabriel - Big Time  05,December,2003 Ahh, birthday money. I've just spent way too much on CD's... Oh well, I love music what can I say? Going to go see The Last Samurai tomorrow. From what I hear it's very, very good.  04,December,2003 It's the day after my birthday! But seriously, there's not much to tell. I just went to work as per usual and upheld the tradition of buying doughnuts for the whole company. Five dozen later... No one asked me the yearly trite question: "So, do you feel any older?", which is unfortunate as, for the first time in my life, I would've been able to say yes. But all in all it was a great day and I'm going to use all my gift money to buy way too many CDs.  03,December,2003 It's my birthday!  02,December,2003 So urlLink this is pretty darn ridiculous. Not only am I paying levies on blank CDs that I don't even use to burn music, now urlLink SOCAN wants to tax ISPs because of people downloading music. So now I'll be paying more taxes that go to musicians even though I don't download music on my computer. Note so SOCAN: All people who download music use the internet, but not all people who use the internet download music.  01,December,2003 Ahh, lovely foggy walk home last night. I love the West Coast Fog. So moody. I feel like I should be in a movie or something when I'm walking around downtown Vancouver at one in the morning in the fog.  01,December,2003 Hooray for getting people arrested. Was on my way home last night when I witnessed a guy threaten a Chinese food take-out guy, along with calling him a bunch of racial slurs and kick in windows in two restaurants on his way up the street. Followed him and ran around an alley to cut him off where I knew there was a police office. Got the cops out there and they arrested him and stuffed him in the paddy wagon, but not before he told the cops that they're "not so tough, let me out of these cuffs and I'll kill you all." Nice guy. Feel incredibly good about making a difference. Want to go be a cop now.  31,January,2004 urlLink The Saftey Net . An excellent site about men taking a stand against violence and rape against women. Take some time to sit down and read it and then go tell all your friends about it.  30,January,2004 Knew it was coming. Finally saw it today. Two people wearing the same type of Diesel jeans with the same "dirt stains" and "wear holes" in the same place. Of course these guys didn't know each other but one was walking down the street about five paces behind the other. I thought that was so funny. Pay $400 for a pair of jeans only to have some guy wearing the same exact pair, right down to the holes...  29,January,2004 