27,May,2004 squeeeeeeeee  30,May,2004 This blog is dedicated to Leigha Horton, an actress in the Twin Cities metro area. It's for Leigha sightings, Leigha news, Leigha reviews, and Leigha gossip. It is also for Leigha squeeing. It is run by two fangirls who think Leigha Horton is the best thing since sliced bread. She's just that great. We're both straight and in relationships (one married, one long-term), so it's not some creepy sexual thing (though Leigha is hot!). We're also not stalking her, at least not in a bad way (we do enjoy knowing all we can about her, though). All great performers need fans, and we are some of Leigha's.  08,June,2004 Leigha is performing in a urlLink one-woman show right now (well, ok, Friday). We haven't seen it yet but expect it to be awesome, as always.  08,June,2004 Leigha performed at urlLink NARAL: Pro-Choice Minnesota's 5th Annual urlLink Comedy for Choice . Leigha was, of course, brilliant and funny and the best performer behind the genius urlLink Kevin Kling (but he's awfully hard to beat, even for someone as great as Leigha). And she's pro-choice. What a woman!  15,June,2004 (the full article from the urlLink Montreal Mirror ) Sneer campaign >> The Unbearable Lightness of Being American takes the piss out of all things USA Making fun of Americans is hardly foreign in these parts. Chalk it up to an inferiority complex if you want, but it's not like those fatsos ever do it themselves. Well, okay, they do - take Minnesota's Ministry of Cultural Warfare, in town this week for the Fringe, for one. What's appealing about this Minneapolis company, beyond their poking fun at the right, is their poking fun at the left. Their one-woman show, The Unbearable Lightness of Being American dishes up 13 snippets of Americana, satirizing everything from war to malls to fleeting lesbian chic. "You know when all of the sudden it became über-cool to be gay?" says actress Leigha Horton. "One of my favourite monologues to do is about this clueless valley girl talking about the love of her life, Emily, who she just met on Wednesday. We take pot shots at lots of things. If we're going to be attacking other people, we should definitely attack ourselves." "My favourite thing that's been said about the play is that I'd picked my targets so democratically it felt patriotic," says Ministry writer and mastermind Matthew Foster. "The only thing all the characters have in common is that they're all women. They range from very annoying university students, to the cat lady who's anxious about becoming middle aged - it's 13 aspects about American society that bug the hell out of me." Foster, who claims to be wearing a John Kerry baseball cap on the other end of the phone, could almost pass off as Canadian, peppering his sentences with "I guess," expressing his disdain toward Stephen Harper and hope for the Flames (this was Monday), theorizing that Canadian Stanley Cup victories coincide with Democrat victories in the U.S. "Well my friends in other states call Minnesota ‘Baja Ontario,'" he justifies. I asked him if he's proud to be an American. "I guess I'm not really proud to be an American," he says. "I'm proud to be a Midwesterner, and I'm proud to be from North America. You add that North there and it gets rid of the nationalist bullshit that comes with saying you're proud to be an American." As for Horton: "I love being an American, but I'm not proud right now. I love the fact that we can criticize our president openly and not, oh, dissappear, but the things that Americans have done to other countries… there are so many things that don't get press attention, at least here, that we're doing all the time and that's really frustrating. I think that right now America's in a really gross transition, and I hope it turns out okay. THE UNBEARABLE LIGHTNESS OF BEING AMERICAN, JUNE 11–20 AT VENUE 4 (BAIN ST-MICHEL, 4247 ST-DOMINIQUE), SEE PROGRAM FOR PRICES AND SHOWTIMES » Matthew Woodley  15,June,2004 Leigha on the cover of the urlLink Montreal Mirror ! There is also urlLink an article (at the bottom of the page) about her show, urlLink The Unbearable Lightness of Being American (exerpts of which she did at NARAL Pro-Choice Minnesota's Comedy for Choice), which she performed at urlLink Le Festival St. Ambroise Fringe de Montreal .  01,July,2004 Oh yes, oh yes! The urlLink Ministry of Cultural Warfare , home of Leigha, is performing in the urlLink Minnesota Fringe ! The show is called In Defense of Sin (My Friends' Best Stories) , and we hear it is just that...Matthew Foster was gathering stories at parties with other theatre kids, so maybe we'll hear some we know (we are hoping for the one about the dead cat)! Five shows, five nights...can we make it to all of them? You bet we can!  02,July,2004 A short urlLink review of Leigha's show, urlLink The Unbearable Lightness of Being American , from various reviewers (we can't determine who): "The Unbearable Lightness of Being American - Leigha Horton is incredible--intelligent, provocative, self-reflecting, and funny, too! Her 13 scenes via a multi-media approach were clever to the point of irony! A thinking person's comedienne! Get an agent and shamelessly self-promote--you're a winner and more audiences need to see your talent!" Squee! And, a photo of Leigha in the beer tent at the Montreal Fringe, swiped from urlLink Matthew Foster's blog:  02,July,2004 we will never order from you again. sure you snagged us in with the niced looking menu (in comparison to the million other chinese delivery places) and your effort in displaying your delivered foods. but clearly, after delivering us a mess of plain steamed spinach looking stuff (and charging us 13 dollars for this stuff) instead of what we actually ordered, then the fight on the phone... then when the originally ordered dish came quite some time later, the dance of the delivery boy was completely innappropriate. do you think we're grade schoolers, when you expect us to give back the wrongfully delivered dish before giving us the rightfully ordered dish? i mean, what the hell? with service like that, i almost want to start a rumor about you using cat and dog meat in your dishes.  02,July,2004 one of these days when i have time, and a copy of my high school transcript, i shall make out a list (perhaps a spreadsheet?) of all of the classes i've failed. note, i never failed classes for the year (thank goodness) but due to my strange high school experience at a school that stole away potential valedictorians from other schools, in the law of averages there was a lot of room for failing. when i was a freshman in high school (at the tender age of 12) i failed art. this was mostly due to my judgmental art teacher (who hated me the first semester, but loved me the second due to a new-found friendship in the german teacher's daughter) hating my penciled self-portrait final. she was one of those teachers who would give grades according to who you were, instead of the effort you put into the piece. and i believe this point was proven during a switch between one of the best kids in the class, with the work of the worst scoring kid in the class. of course this didn't help me from bawling my eyes out over a horrible note scratched into my semester final. but thankfully for me, making art wasn't apart of the curriculum after that and i've avoided art classes ever since. until now... i have a design requirement i need to fulfill for my master's degree, and of course in the great class shuffle of 2004, i got stuck in a drawing class. i tell myself it will be a useful use of my gigantic looming student loan bill, because well it will be useful in another class i'm taking, it will be easy in that low-stress sort of way, and when i unleash my flash animations on the world it will be helpful to sharpen my lost drawing skills. that being said, i almost cried during the first class. already. most of the class was cool, and it was refreshing to take sometime to just focus and draw. (i was only slightly annoyed because due to people not bringing in supplies, i ended lending out all of my drawing utensils that i had explored the city to find.) at the end of class we hung up two pieces of our work, and discussed everyone's work. it was mostly pleasant (even though at times i wanted to shout to a pretentious class member that their work was total crap), until it got to me. fuck. i begin to wonder if there is something about me that just provokes art teacher meanness. 15 minutes were spent, by my prof, critiquing my choice in lines that i used for drawing a still life. he thought it looked too comic, and that it is a good thing this is only the first class because he's going to work that out of me. one thing i really hate about art teachers, is their want to shape you into their kind of artist instead of allowing you to be your own. but on and on the critique flowed, even after points of people in the class being cut off for saying they liked it. class left me in a funk, instead of feeling inspired. add that to getting double charged to ride the over-priced subway, the evil evil snow filling up the ground, and other things.. i almost contemplated becoming one of those crazy people on the subway system. not yet. i'll just have to save that for another day. but still, i would've dropped the class if i could. (drat, drat, drat) i hate the showing your work shame...  02,July,2004 there is a certain image in my head that i conjure up for a person named billy or a person named frank. in my mind, a billy is youngish, lanky, wears v-neck sweaters, and is always slightly disheveled. a frank is someone at least in their 60's, white, grandfatherish, completely gray and prolly bald. in my new classes, it was shocking to see how my new profs (a billy and a frank) are nothing like my idealized versions. frank is youthful and jolly, and billy would fit better if his name is frank.  02,July,2004 i wish there was a way to transform a messy apartment, where you can see the dust settling on the last suitcase and all of the forgotten item, into a clean apartment... somehow it is depressing to come home to an extremely messy apt, reeking of single boy with dishes still in the sink from when you last left, and feeling upset over his grandiose attempt to do the laundry instead of cleaning.. and doing the laundry of course means that he did all of the laundry in that pile of gentles that aren't supposed to go thru a dryer, and now they're all sitting shrunk and crumpled in a pile in a laundry basket.  02,July,2004 somehow, life seems more profound when you're using your thumb (and the wonders of t-9) to make a limited string of characters post. somehow they seem cringe-worthy the day after. is it the memories of all of the angry fliers because their flight was cancelled? or was it because i almost missed my flight because they couldn't figure out how to open the airplane's door . stale hot air plus agitated people who have stood up only to be crammed into the aisleways of an already late flight like sardines waiting for the door to open. they had to send in the technical support people, thus it took 20 minutes until the door was openable. all the while, over the intercom we're reassured that the door will be opened any minute now.  02,July,2004 It is like waiting for godot, except for the deplaning to occur. btw this is my second flight of the day with technical problems. -- Mobile Email from a Cingular Wireless Customer http://www.cingular.com  02,July,2004 (Test)I am amused authe ability to blog whilest waiting for my absent airplane. -- Mobile Email from a Cingular Wireless Customer http://www.cingular.com  02,July,2004 (Airports)People are strange whilst waiting to go somewhere else. Slightly agitated, and hyper sensitive yet still unaware. -- Mobile Email from a Cingular Wireless Customer http://www.cingular.com  02,July,2004 going to hawaii was one of my most looked forward to events of 2003. what is better than interrupting wintertime (and a winter break between classes) to live it up in the land of sun, sand, laziness, and pina coladas? i gave up shaving my legs years ago (when i quit being a sorority girl, no less) because i find it rather pointless. why should i constantly be at war with the hair growing machine which is my legs? i had enough hair follicles to produce toupee for men, and to compete against men (who've never removed hair from their legs in their lives) for furriness quotient and won. i know there is a large part of the population which will gag in horror. but if they were equipped with legs that would never feel smooth after a shave due to the always-at-work hair factory, i think they might understand. shortly after discovering that i was going to hawaii, i decided that pre-hawaii hair removal was in order... just because how often does one go to hawaii, and also because i had completely forgotten what my legs looked like. (good logic, right?) i quickly decided that i would have to get my legs waxed, because i believe shaving to be stupid and knew i wouldn't want to bother with quick stubble and nicks that go along with pressing a razor up to innocent skin. and whilst i procrastinated during the 6 months of knowing i was hawaii bound, i failed to do any lovely stomach crunches and i failed to really do anything about my growing leg bush. unsurprisingly, i ended up not doing anything until the dead last minute, so instead of finding myself a nice salon to rip my leg hairs out for me (and having someone else to curse out whilst in pain) i found myself struggling against the sea of holiday shopper crowds, and stores that didn't stock wax or anything to remove hair. at the 11th hour, i found the only tube of peach (ick) scented wax. i got to work at dusting myself in a cloud of baby powder, in hopes of lessoning the pain of ripping skin with hot wax. i nervously dallied with making sure the wax was the perfect temperature, and allowing myself to be in a zen-state where pain doesn't exist. pain is all that exists when you're quickly ripping up strips of cloth which contain a fascinating display of hair follicles and orange colored wax. every time the second hand hit the 3, a ripping sound could be heard. i turned the ordeal into a strange mathematical problem. maximizing the rectangular strips effectiveness over my non-rectangular legs. but eventually, after sharing the waxy stickiness with the rest of my apartment (some of which i'm still discovering weeks later) i discovered my legs. hot damn, i'm pale in that unexpected translucent way. i mean, i could always see my hair follicles after a shave, but with them all temporarily sitting in the garbage can, i am really fucking pale. i wonder if i can glow in the dark, i'm so damn pale. with the leg hair gone, i was completely unsurprised when my grandmother (who several years ago questioned me if i was going thru "a faze" slightly hinting that leg hair automatically equates lesbianism) made a comment about seeing my legs. the additional bonus of not having leg hair was that it was one less place for sand to stick. which is a good thing when every shower produces a sandbox quantity of sand.  02,July,2004 my immediate family rarely, if ever, sees my exponentially large extended catholic family. which makes us the black sheep of the family because everyone else's kids are best buddies, belong to the same churches, or spend large quantities of time on the phone with each other. we also are the only ones who are not local, and are the ones closer in age to our aunties than our rapidly multiplying mass of cousins. this is why it is completely surprising that one of my 5 year old cousins was more excited to see My Dad than to receive gifts from santa claus. what five year old is more excited about seeing a person, than getting stuff? there are a few things in this world that i don't understand, this being one of them. i have reasons to suspect that my dad's brainwashing of my cousin's mom (aka my dad's sister) left a mark in her genes. this aunt is otherwise known as the aunt my dad convinced light is actually dark (at times we'll point to light bulbs, say "Daaarkkk" and giggle in her presence.) which might've been due to my aunt being born 17 years after my dad. she adores my dad. now my cousin was often found drapped across my dad and at times drapped across my dad's kids due to association, in an almost minor-deity sort of way. she would bat her eyelashes and sweetly sing my dad's name. strange behavior for a kid who prolly hasn't even seen her uncle/my father in a year.  02,July,2004 (otherwise known as the ponderings as why the hell i'm not sleepy yet.) recently i've transversed 5 time zones whilst trapped in an airplane's window seat. although, i managed to get in a good four hours of sleep (on an airplane, which usually counts as negative sleep) i haven't been able to reaquaint my sleep cycle with my native time zone. it is well past my usual bedtime, and i haven't even been able to fake a yawn. and i've tried. boring reading materials, jammies, warmth, darkness, and the hour of the night have no jurisdiction over my body's relative sleepiness. to the point that i wonder if i was fed radio active airplane food which has mutated me into a human who needs no sleep, even though i crave a good night's rest. perhaps all will be better when i end up being trapped on another airplane's window seat, going backwards 3 time zones. this is what i hope, whilst i ponder more ways to force sleepiness.  02,July,2004 i guess this should be the spot where i introduce myself to you (the new blog, and the new blog's readers), because isn't that what the first few blog entries are for anyways? of course, i'm not entirely sure how to introduce myself. okay, here's an attempt.... other people find me to be rather strange, i'm not entirely sure why (because i'm not other people, i just happen to be me) but i think it might stem from my introverted and analytical nature, or that other people seem to think i'm on drugs when really i'm not (to my knowledge). i have a unique name, which i will not disclose here because it plagues me. usually i love having an unique name, but it has been rather bothersome lately. although i still get a good laugh at finding shit i wrote when i was 14 (almost a decade ago) floating around in cyberspace. i've been online longer than you. no, really. and if you're one of those freaks who has been online back in the days when computers filled up entire rooms, at least i've been online for a larger portion of my life than you have. sometimes i speak in multilevels/meanings. and sometimes i'm unsure which meaning is the intended. i fear i'm growing shorter. there is no other explanation for all of my siblings to dwarf me in height, as well as my li-BF. my grandmother (who never hit 5 feet) was the tallest kid in her 5th grade class and the shortest by 8th, so i wonder if this has anything to do with my recent shrinkings. i get really excited by some silly things. take today, where i discovered i have enough frequent flier miles to go somewhere for free (again). i also have been known to giggle when i find things that are theFUTURE in reality. (read: things that involve technology that could've been on the jetsons.) i'm in a graduate program that focuses on theFUTURE, otherwise known as the bleeding edge of technology. i'm doing stuff that goes over the heads of the general population. it is very fucking cool. and you should visit me to come check this stuff out. i have a futon that's booked at least 2 weeks in advance. i wake up (when i'm actually at my home base) to a view of glittering tall buildings, shining in the sun. these buildings' lights romantically bleed into the body of water (that separates me from them) at nightfall. it is beyond picturesque, and it is a view that can be seen out of 8 of the windows in my tiny little apartment. i'm a city rat, as in the type of person who gets nervous around empty spaces, country lanes, as well as gigantic parking lots. i'm afraid when my eyes can't grab onto anything in the surroundings. i'm a travel junkie. i only want a job to support my travels, and if it required me to live in england a double bonus. what else would you like to know?  02,July,2004 it is a new year... maybe i should try something different...  02,July,2004 dear readers, i have adopted a cat, and have been struck by lack-of-name-itis. do you have any suggestions? here is a bit about him: he's a purr machine. purring and rubbing against people seems to be his speciality. he's mostly black, with a white belly (he loves belly rubbing) and white slippers. he already owns my apartment. he's terrified by bubbles. absolutely terrified. he can leap over large hurdles whilst fleeing the catnip bubbles. even if he's taking a nap, if someone leaves the room that he's in.. he'll rouse and chase after them. he's 2-3 years old. he was found on the 14 of feb, and taken home on the leap year.  02,July,2004 (((if your name rhymes with "bank" or "free" perhaps it would be best if you skipped this post. let it be noted that you have been warned.))) at first i rolled my eyes at the pretension, the first room of this particular art gallery only had one piece, a naked man and woman kissing. i didn't bother to look anymore at the piece, and was expecting the rest of the gallery to be a quickie-in'out. yet, this wasn't the case. inside there was a collection of sparkling white materials, sculpted to depict individuals with romanesque faces and deformed bodies. it was a new type of voyerism for me. in the past, i have seen a large amount of classically beautiful people, sculpted into stone, and the only deformity being the age of the piece has caused body parts to chip off and go missing. but still you know in the original state, there were arms, legs, heads, and noses. in this gallery the missing pieces were in fact missing from the models. i wanted to examine every inch of these bodies, bodies of people of whom you're not supposed to stare or examine. there is the divet where the arm that never was, would've gone. there are limbs too short, and toes curled under as if they were the originators of the lotus foot fetish. an armless mother with her fully limbed baby on her lap. perky breasts and a missing leg. body contortions that lead you to almost believe this person has the proper number of limbs, but from a different angle you can tell. i found this to be a beautiful exhibit. simplistic beauty in the sculptures that was trying to combat the ugly culturally seen in these individuals. certain people around me were quite disturbed by the whole display, especially because everything was modeled after real people. they gasped and quickly left. i think i will go back. and the couple kissing in the first room, his left arm was only long enough to place his deformed hand on her shoulder, and on the other side she was missing an arm and he was hugging her tightly. i wiped a tear away from my eyes and went for the door.  02,July,2004 there is a certain image i get in my head, when one says we're going to go look at art galleries. to me this definition includes some of the following: a ground floor room on a commercial street front. darkness and almost a feeling of claustrophobia. the possibility of buying things. a person who is present, and might be the artist, but they really want to make a sale. instead my first gallery crawl in chelsea, in the city of verticality, completely fucked with my version of an art gallery. first off, these places have a thing for elaborate "art" doors. which was was the beginning of the fodder for snarkiness with others. are they going for the industrial look, or the frosted glass and private appeal? how does the handle cause investors to blow a money load? secondly, they always seem to have a person working at a desk near the front door. this person will never make eye contact with you. thirdly, despite being in one of the most expensive cities in the world, these galleries are spacious if not empty. which somehow ooozes, "yes my scrawling on a piece of paper will bring in at least 5 figures," just look at all of the empty manhattan wall space around me. fourthly, it is not the trend to leave a title of your work on the wall near your art, or even your name. because the people seeing your art, just know. fifthly, there are only art galleries in chelsea. a sprinkling of boutiques or eateries, does not exist. commerce does not exist. everything is a gallery. there a buildings with galleries on every floor. to the point that i seriously don't understand why there are all of the galleries in the first place (they don't make money off of the common plebians who might wander into their gallery as there is barely anything to show, and they have nothing for the plebs to buy.) the art world baffles me.  02,July,2004 when i was little, i wondered how other kids could attain perfect school attendance. this is because when i was a kid, my siblings and i traded sickness like some kids trade Yu-Gi-Oh cards. one of us would get strep throat, then another, then another, then the person who started it, then the person who hadn't gotten it, and so forth. it was almost a goal to make it thru a month without a visit to the family doctor's house. (i say house, because his practice was out of a house. it was personal medicine, that seems to have been swallowed up in the motion to large practices.) i highly doubt there was a single month without at least one of us having to go to the doctor's. fast forward to now. after living awhile without real insurance (c'mon, i'd love some socialized medicine. this is a top priority in deciding which country i defect to, incase the Texas Souffle wins another election.) i'm terrified of going to the doctors for fear of the bills i can not pay. which, for the most part is okay because i haven't been sick enough to warrant a trip to the doctors for awhile. well, in the computer lab i work at, which has hundreds of children churning thru each day, we've recently gotten headphones for the computers. as soon as i started testing the levels on the phones, one girl complained about getting headphone caused ear infections.....i came down with an ear infection of my own, which for the last week i've been trying to ignore in the hopes that it will get better. faster than you can say earache, i've managed a nice minor addiction to an over-the-counter drug. as not only did it dull some pain, it had a side effect that graduate students around the world love... sleepiness blaster. perfect timing for the first week of midterms, when even though i feel crappy i can pop a few pills and manage to stay somewhat alert on 3 hours of sleep. it's a miracle!!! and it even makes me feel less likely to cry on the subway due to ears hurting. (just so all you folks who've had childhood ear infections, but maybe never experienced them whilst moving underground in a tube, ear infection+ subways= a very very bad and painful thing. and this is partially the reason why i caved into going to see a doctor.) and over-the-counter is nice because it doesn't require a scary visit to the doctor. of course, today i caved in and visited a clinic which takes my minimalistic grad student health insurance. these nurses/doctors weren't as amused by my sickperson shtick ("Am I going to live?"), but maybe it was because it has been a long week for them and maybe i'm not as funny to the world when i can barely hear myself or my audience and i should really just stay in bed. i scored some drugs. and i have a whole weekend to get better and to frantically prepare myself for midterms week two. i hope to catch up on some of my slept debt, in hopes that half of the month of may won't be set aside for erasing some sleep debt.  02,July,2004 "What happened to your hair... it was so beautiful." -a 4th grader i'm pondering taking up wearing the veil and/or wearing hoodies for the rest of my life. also, i want to crawl under a rock and cry. one of my methods of massive procrastination is the compulsive search for the naughty split ends. using a pair of scissors, i can cut away large chunks of time when i should be doing something else. (as it seems, the more things i have to do on the computer... the more i avoid even turning the damn thing on.) well, this time i came up with a brilliant idea. i'd give myself just a little trim. file this one under "famous last words" which reside in the kitchen of half-baked ideas. just a little trim turned into a seesaw act, as one side was never the same length as the other. when evening out the other side, it would become too short.. and soon enough, my bathroom floor was covered in a sea of over 8 inches of hair. seeing the shorn locks everywhere, woke me up from the fun little daze of cutting-hair-is-fun. guilt rises, because i was growing out my hair for Locks of Love.. fear rises because i have yet to look in the mirror to examine the damage... and there are 8 inches of hair on the ground that will never reattach themselves to my head. 8 inches and i have "Angry Inch" stuck in my head. Over 8 inches, and it is really fucking lopsided. perhaps, the lopsidedness wouldn't be so bad if half of my hair must be on an exchange program from someone else. in fear, i dropped the scissors. in a moody wave, i became a puddle on my couch. in an intelligent move, i put the scissors far from reach. now, i'm terrified and embarrassed. no one has said a word about my missing hair (except the obligatory bf reassuring me that it looks okay, which of course i don't trust due to that whole "he's dating me thus he must say it looks okay" syndrome) except a girl today who was upset, and the teacher i work under made some strange remark today about my hair smelling nice but not the missing hair. in my little neurotic world, i take this as a REALLY BAD SIGN. thus, i return to being a puddle on my couch, wishing i knew someone i trusted who was skilled with scissors. i fear hair salons, especially their visions for my hair. especially because my hair type and my ummmm lack of effort when it comes to hair, isn't quite understood by hair stylists. i fear, as my hair is already too short to stay in a pony tail, that my hair can only get shorter if i visit a stylist. which my only lead to a rather big puddle on my couch.  02,July,2004 it has recently been rediscovered that i loathe potatoes. see, i've never really liked americana fare (french fries, hamburgers, potato chips), but i had myself convinced for awhile that i really enjoyed something which contained potato byproducts. convinced until one day, i realized i couldn't spit said item out of my mouth fast enough, for i had realized the potatoey-ness lurking inside. that gritty starchy taste that really makes me wonder how half of the family tree survived eating the damn things, when i can barely stomach the idea of the things.  02,July,2004 At the toy fair, we managed to hit visit all of our favorite toy manufacturers (from when we were kids) just to see the future... And actually managed to speak with a woman (from an all time favorite company that i won't disclose here) who lamented the decreased toy development time. See, once upon a time, a toy company could spend 4 years developing a toy. Four years of tweaking and testing, researching and quality. Now, most places spend 2-4 months developing a toy until it is ready for the shelf. This might be why people think "the toys of today are crap, now the toys of my youth..."  02,July,2004 !!!!tmi warning!!!! Usually Miss P's entrance is dainty and slightly tardy. her tardiness, i suspect is somehow related to my own complete lack of speed in matters such as leaving the house (a field in which i'm notoriously slow, and i'm not a person who "applies her face" everyday, i'm just not entirely motivated to leave bed-dress- feed myself- and locate the things i need for the day), her tardiness is completely welcomed. Her daintiness usually only lasts a day, which she pulls a Mr Hyde and goes into a rage of turning toilet water pink (which amuses me so), turning turning other things red (which doesn't amuse me, as i hate doing laundry), and turning me into a crampy angry person (which never amuses those around me). Yet this morning, her entrance was far from dainty as it was more of an explosion. I'm talking about an explosion near the size of the collapse of the twin towers, the type of explosion that covers an entire metro area and they're entirely confused about what hit them. I almost want to watch the news just for the leading headline of, "menstrual blood bomb coats entire city, police mortified." Hell, I'm afraid that if someone came into my apartment, they'd wonder where i stashed the body. I honestly wonder if she's trying to kill me on this visit. And I'm currently unsure if she's conspiring with my current illness, to make me one large wanting-to-slit-my-wrists body of pain. !!!!end of the tmi!!!!  02,July,2004 (i wonder if i've ever been so mentally exhausted in my life) there is an industry-only annual toy event, that i got to spy on today due to my field of graduate work.... the toy fair is where all the big deals are made for local toy shops and chains, and there are rows upon rows of toy presentors hoping to make the big sale. some of these presenters would treat me and my fellow classmate like we didn't exist due to the fact that we weren't wearing the color coded name tags that said we were buyers. but that didn't matter, because we were there to spy... to look at what's being produced, and what our future competition will be. at this point i'd like you to know how mind-boggling big this toy fair is... it is at a convention center, and we spent an hour and a half walking around looking at toys and thinking that was it, but were slightly confused by the lack of toy-names we recognized. (we did know that a lot of stuff goes on behind closed doors, and weren't worried about that..) but then we realized, there were TWO more floors of booths full of toys that were larger than the first level we explored. i'm in the state of mental/visual overload. imagine a never ending toy r us, but with smiley people everywhere trying to grab your attention with their product (that they're playing with, of course) until they realize you're only Guest status. at first, when we started to walk around we didn't quite understand why there were back massage places... but it all began to make sense after several more hours of seeing toys and no end in sight. disturbing things to note, before i collapse into a heap.. 1. most toy buyers are very old white men. 2. a disturbing amount of toy presenters are older women in skirts. 3. a section of these women are dressed up, like mermaids, in a leather catsuit, showing what should be illegal amounts of clevage. 4. i got more swag that i could carry, even though i was trying to *not* get swag. 5. the more clevage i showed, the more swag i got.  02,July,2004 (The Bus)How likely is it for vomiting to happen when i am trapped on a bus with a woman filing her nails? -- Mobile Email from a Cingular Wireless Customer http://www.cingular.com  02,July,2004 is it possible that the people downstairs have been invaded by a different (loud) life form? the people who live directly under my apartment (duma) are a rather quite bunch, quite unlike the elderly couple in the apartment across the hall from them whose fights are louder that i'd ever image coming from people of their age. the duma's are a married couple with a young child, are from some country i couldn't place on the map, and are quiet.... or at least were quiet. is it possible that the insilation melted away and that they were always this loud? or have they been replaced by simlar looking inviduals who are quite the party animals? whatever happened, i'm having a harder-than-usual time at actually concentrating on my homework. to the point that i haven't even started on the stuff that's due tomorrow.  02,July,2004 imagine me, waiting outside of class in the hallway... reading a graphic novel on a couch. no, not a porno graphic novel, a graphic novel is just the "adult" name for a comic book for those of you out in teeveeland. intro: random stranger who is reading over my shoulder. the random stranger who i will be seeing gyrating completely nude in a a few minutes. which i didn't know at the time, but in a department where i at least recognize all of the students and i didn't recognize him (and i knew there was going to be a nude model)... i show him the book... and thus the hitting on begins. every little break from drawing, he has to run up to me and talk. and i being the stupidly nice person i am, i give him a granola bar (i always have a granola bar to give to street people asking for money for food. but they never take the granola bar) because he asked about nearby vending machines, and the closest food would require going outside and most likely not be the place one wears a bathrobe. thankfully, he was shooed out the door after we were done drawing him and gearing up for critique time, right as he was attempting to get my digits...  02,July,2004 (Internet Is Dead)Why are you dead oh internet darling? Please come back, please! There is only so much i can do on my phone. *cries*  02,July,2004 i will never, ever, ever, ever hand grate carrots again. feel happy. today, in that moment of domesticity of preparing marinated pork chops, whilst still imagining that i could possibly become a vegetarian (seeing companion animals in cages makes me wish i had a love of tofu, or a supplier of mock duck) i decided to chop some carrots. but these carrots were clinging to life, "please don't eat me, don't eat me for dinner," they seemed to emanate... instead a memory of something i wanted to make came to mind. this is where i admit to being a spice catalog junkie. i can spend a morning or an afternoon, leafing thru descriptions of spices and imagining the recipes they could be used in. i'll reread the same articles about how they harvest Mace, or about the different meshes. and sometimes the junkie goes on huge spice splurges, just because i need expensive spices in my larder. (and i've visited people who have only a few spices in their spice rack, and i start to twitch just because how could anyone live without _________?) yeah, so back to the spice catalogue... the most recent issue spotlighted something i never liked before, urlLink carrot cupcakes . and i've decided now, after dirtying my entire apartment with orange paw prints, that i will never hand grate carrots again. one of the levels of hell must involve grating foods by hand. of course, i had thought grating carrots would be a breeze (how quickly i forget how much i hate even grating cheese, let alone a hard, wet, flimsy carrot) and i'd whip up some healthy treat in minutes. my logic circuits must get blocked when the spice catalogue is involved. i think even the recipe suggests a food processor, which just happens to be one of those million other kitchen applicances i actually don't own. but, now that i've grated part of my thumb off, i must chant "carrots go into the food processor, food processor, food processor.... or else blood gets into the carrots, the carrots, the carrots..." -- baking is apart of my world domination as a granny plan. nothing else in my life is planned out except the fact that i will be that crazy old woman who lives close to a college campus, and tells all the youngins about life ever so long ago, as i tempt them with my old fashioned treats. by then i hope to unlock the mysterious of my genetic ability to make candy and other sweets, which i know will one day come to me like a little burst of irish luck.. of course, after my irish forefathers decide to forgive me for hating their beloved potato.  02,July,2004 i will be getting a cat for my anniversary. (somehow i find is strange that my friend who has been with her guy for one day longer than i've been with mine, is already married with a child and a cat.... and i'm only now possibly getting around to having a cat. it's like that day difference is several decades...) this weekend we visited the pound, my first trip ever to a pound. and there is something about the smell of the decaying animal food and excrement plus the constant yelps of dogs who fear the chamber, that makes me want to adopt every kitty i see. or at least, if i can't adopt them all, it makes me want to free them from their cages and just have a good little play time.  02,July,2004 side side side thought: there are certain phrases that in my mind have a significance which only a few other people might catch. we're about to come up to one of those it has been decided still makes me burst into giggles, should i post a backstory? anyway, back to this post that i am to become a stereotypical embittered graduate student who drinks lots of coffee, perhaps i could even find some blazers with elbow patches for added ambiance (but i won't be picking up cigarettes for kicks). maybe i could also flaunt my ability to wear all black for many days in a row, just because that's all that's left in semi-clean laundry land. last week, graduate school began in full force with kicking me in the ass. last week, i was near slitting my wrists in the misery in ways that only graduates students might know. see, last week, i started the lack of sleep program and i didn't pick up any of my newly acquired love.... coffee. on the whole, i'm not particularly found of coffee. in delis in new york (and essentially everywhere in the world) it tastes horrible. there is that overriding bitterness which can only be doused away with insane amounts of sugar. it isn't supposed to be bitter (ah, those years working at a coffee shop) but the world sucks at brewing the stuff and the stuff they brew just plain sucks. but you reach this point when you don't care, and all you do care about is the ability to stay awake thru classes and to actually function mentally. hi, i'm now a little ray of sunshine happiness due to coffee. i might even break out into song about how i love coffee, and how i love the fact that i've only had 3 large cups today. happy, happy, happy. oh, i love coffee. (holy hell. i wonder if this qualifies for my most ADhD post ever. but seriously, coffee! coffee! coffee!!!!!!!!!!! i need to invest in a coffee maker, stat.)  02,July,2004 (Need Sleep)Is it even possible for me to be more tired and yet still so very very far away from a good nights rest? -- Mobile Email from a Cingular Wireless Customer http://www.cingular.com  02,July,2004 